CHARLIE THE DUCK

WIERING SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT


IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY: This license agreement
("AGREEMENT") is an agreement between you (either as an
individual or a single entity) and Wiering Software
("WIERING SOFTWARE") for the software product identified
above, including any associated media and accompanying
on-line or printed documentation and also any future
versions, patches or updates ("SOFTWARE PRODUCT").

By installing, copying, accessing or otherwise using this
software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this
AGREEMENT.


SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE

The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is owned by WIERING SOFTWARE and is
protected by copyright laws and international copyright
treaties. The software is licensed, not sold.

The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is distributed as SHAREWARE. A free
limited unregistered version ("SHAREWARE VERSION") is
available for evaluation. You can register the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT and obtain a private registration code, which
will allow you to use the full version of the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT ("REGISTERED VERSION").


LICENSE FOR THE UNREGISTERED SHAREWARE VERSION

This LICENSE grants you the following rights and
limitations, regarding the SHAREWARE VERSION:

  - You may install and use the SHAREWARE VERSION for an
    unlimited time.

  - You may copy and distribute the SHAREWARE VERSION of
    the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, but only in its original form
    (as found on the WIERING SOFTWARE web site) and
    without any modifications.

  - Distributors may sell the SHAREWARE VERSION for a
    reasonable fee for media and handling, but must
    indicate clearly that the software is "shareware".

  - Magazines are authorized to publish the SHAREWARE
    VERSION on any cover disk, CD-ROM or other media
    without prior permission from WIERING SOFTWARE (please
    do send a notification).

  - You may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble
    or make changes to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT in any way.

  - To register this SOFTWARE PRODUCT, you may only use
    your personal registration code, provided by WIERING
    SOFTWARE or another authorized party. You may not
    attempt to 'discover' your code or write software to
    do so. You may not use a code that belongs to someone
    else.


LICENSE FOR THE REGISTERED VERSION

This LICENSE grants you the following rights and
limitations, regarding the REGISTERED VERSION:

  - You may install and use the REGISTERED VERSION on your
    own computer. If you own several computers, you may
    install the REGISTERED VERSION on those as well, but
    only use it on one computer at a time.

  - You may make a copy of the REGISTERED VERSION as a
    backup.

  - You may not make copies of the REGISTERED VERSION for
    others.

  - You may not make your registration code available to
    others.

  - You may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble
    or make changes to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT in any way.


DISCLAIMER

THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS
TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH
YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE
COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT WILL WIERING SOFTWARE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR
DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE, MISUSE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
LOSS OF DATA OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES
OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
PROGRAMS), EVEN IF WIERING SOFTWARE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
