
A number of VESA video drivers are packed into the self-extracting file
VESA.EXE. Type "VESA" at the DOS command line to unpack the drivers into
their own directories.

These directories contain terminate and stay resident (TSR) versions of
most Super VGA card's VESA BIOS Extensions implementations. The TSRs
have been placed in the public domain by the various graphics card
manufacturers. They may be freely copied and distributed.

There is no way for us to insure that these are the latest drivers from
the various graphic card companies. We take no responsibility for the
drivers and make absolutely no warranties as to their use. The safest
option is to obtain the appropriate Vesa driver directly from your
graphics card manufacturer.

We will say that if you have a HiColor graphics card, then the Tseng
driver is one that you might try after trying the driver for your
specific graphics card. If the video chips for your graphics card were
made by Chips & Technologies, then you may want to try the driver
provided by Chips & Technologies in addition to a driver which was made
for your graphics card. If your video card is based on the Western
Digital 24 bit chipset, you may want to try the vesa driver from Western
Digital in DIAMOND2.ZIP which supports the Diamond 24X.

Once you have find the driver for your adapter, simply put it into your
AUTOEXEC.BAT and all VESA-aware programs will be benefit from it.

This collection of graphics card VESA drivers is provided without charge
or support, and is only provided for your convenience. NO WARRANTIES ARE
APPLICABLE.


About the Butterfly virus
=========================

It is unfortunate that the previous distribution of

    TM411-4.ZIP
    GIFLK110.ZIP
    GIFLK111.ZIP

contains a self-extracting VESA.EXE. Inside the VESA.EXE,

    OAK\37VESA.COM
    OAK\67VESA.COM

are infected by a new "Butterfly" virus. If you see any of the ZIP files
in a BBS, please ask the sysop to remove the files immediately. The files
have since been replaced by

    TM411-4A.ZIP
    GIFLK112.ZIP

The virus is not found to be dangerous. It is based on the Civil War
Virus. It is only infects .COM files increasing length by 302 bytes. The
virus is 307 bytes long. On execution of an infected program the virus
will search for and infect the next .COM file in the directory list.

The virus can be detected by

    F-Prot 2.08a in heuristic and quick scan modes
    ThunderByte anti-virus 6.02
    Norton anti-virus 2.1 (21A08def)
    Virex 2.9

ThunderByte and Norton anti-virus can disinflect the files. F-Prot is
working on a removal program. Unforetunately, McAFEE SCAN 106 DOES NOT
detect the virus but McAREE said SCAN 107 will be able to detect it.

To ensure this distribution is virus-free, we scan all the files with
five independent anti-virus softwares, namely

    McAfee SCAN 106
    F-Prot 2.08a
    ThunderByte anti-virus 6.03
    InVircible anti-virus 5.01
    Virex 2.9
    Microsoft anti-virus


